Setting Ubuntu 20.04 LTS on Virtualboxie
   1. Download the Ubuntu 20.04 LTS ISO from the ubuntu website
   2. Create a virtual machine allocated with at least 4GB (4096 MB) / 50 GB storage. VHD or VMDK
   -  6GB to play it safe
   -  VMDK can be understood by other virtual machine programs but must be converted
   3. Mount the ISO as the Controller: IDE
   4. Boot up the machine and click Install Ubuntu
   5. Choose a keyboard layout and click Continue
   -  Mine is English (US)
   6. Select Normal installation and in Other options select Download updates while installing Ubuntu. 
      Install third-party software for graphics and Wi-Fi hardware and additional media formats. Click
	  Continue
   -  Some graphics software may not be supported on Ubuntu
   7. On installation type select Erase disk and install Ubuntu. In Advanced Features... Select None. 
      Click OK and click Install Now
   -  A modal might appear if asking if it okay to write to the following partition tables. 
      Click Continue
   -  Logical Volume Management (LVM) is used if you take snapshots of the virtual machine or resize
      the hard drive partitions a lot.
   8. Select a city/region for choosing the system clock and click Continue
   9. Use your name and give the computer a name to be used to identify it when used on a network.
      Select a username and password. This account will automatically be made a sudo (admin) user.
      Select Require my password to log in and click Continue. Do not click Skip
  10. Enjoy the wait screens while the operating system is installing on the virtual machine. Once done
      click Restart Now.
  11. Unmount the ISO from the Controller: IDE and click enter
  12. Skip the Live Accounts, Next on Live Patch screen, Next on Help Improve Ubuntu. Personal preference
      but I keep location services off. Next on software options then click done.
  13. If there are any software updates available go ahead and click Install Now
   -  Optional but I prefer to remove all of the default icons on the task bar

Setting up full screen on Virtualboxie
   1. Start Ubuntu and wait for it to get on the desktop screen
   2. From the Virtualboxie window click Devices > Insert Guest Additions CD image...
   3. A prompt will show on the screen click Run. Enter password on new prompt and click Authenicate
   -  You might be prompted that the iso contains information to automatically start, click Cancel
   -  You might get a warning that the system is not built to run kernel modules. Shut down the machine.
      the virtual machine's storage. Remove guest additions from the Controller: IDE. Create new empty
	   disc drive. Jump to Installing Kernel Modules, once finished continue with these instructions.
   5. Start up the Ubuntu virtual machine and get to the desktop.
   6. From the Virtualboxie window click Devices > Insert Guest Additions CD image...
   7. Repeat step 3 and it should install this time. The last message should be the kernel will not updates
      until the machine is restarted.
	   Terminal: sudo reboot
   8. From the Virtualboxie window click View > Full-screen Mode
   -  You can shut off the machine and remove the guest-additions iso once you have confirmed that full screen
      is working

Setting up sharing clipboard and drag and drop
   -  Turn off the virtual machine if it is on
   1. Go to the general setting and bidirectional on Shared Clipboard and drag'n drop and click OK to save settings
   2. Start the virtual machine and make sure everything is working 

Creating Share Folder
   -

Allowing the host machine to access the VM's address
   - Instructions coming later

Installing Kernel Modules
   1. Update the apt-get repository
      Termianl: sudo apt-get updates
	  Terminal: sudo apt-get upgrade
   2. Install the necessary tools to build the kernel module and ubuntu headers
      Terminal: sudo apt-get install linux-headers-$(uname -r) build-essential